it also produces one of the best web
news sites in the world and one of my
favorites to tell you about their plans
for the iPad I'd like to invite up
Martin nissin hopes marking pen stuck
it's great to be here today I want to
introduce my colleague Jennifer Brook
the interaction designer on this
application and Adam Caplan the engineer
so Steve showed you the website The
Times website is just incredibly
beautiful unbelievable imagery
unbeatable readability so why did we
come out here three weeks ago to develop
this new application for the iPad well
we developed an application for the
iPhone that has been downloaded over
three million times and we optimized
that for that device and now we want to
do the same thing for the ipad creating
something that joins the best of print
with the best of digital all rolled up
into one something that you can really
immerse yourself in lean back and enjoy
so let's take a look I'm so excited to
share with you what we've been working
on in the last couple weeks we think
that we've captured the essence of
reading the newspaper the finite
snapshot in time the exquisite
typography images and content and a
superior reading experience all in a
native application let's take a look
from the front page you can easily flip
through sections tap into articles or we
can skip ahead to my favorite section to
see today's latest stories it captures
the essence of reading the newspaper but
as you're about to see it's so much more
I can save articles to my reading list
and it will sync to my iphone so i can
read them whenever i want or we can jump
ahead to 36 hours to see the latest
story and travel the reading experience
is great you can tap to change the
number of columns resize text with a
pinch or we can flip through dozens of
amazing slideshows let's jump to sports
to see the latest coverage in the
Olympics
it's an incredibly physical sport from
my opinion skier cost athletes are some
of the best skiers on the planet that's
great to see skier cross make it into
the Olympics in 2010 when you're done
reading simply turn on updates to get
breaking news and latest stories in all
sections it's everything you love about
the paper everything you love about the
web and everything you expect from the
times thanks Jennifer so this is just
the beginning okay we've been at this
for three weeks and we're incredibly
psyched to pioneer the next version of
digital journalism thanks so much